Welcome to Asteroids!

In this game, your task is to eliminate all the asteroids you could possibily 
find in the area while remaining undestroyed throughout the game.

Basic control:
Press Up arrow key to initiate the spaceship engine and move forward in the 
direction currently pointed by the front of the spaceship.
Press Left arrow key to turn left, i.e. rotate counterclockwise on the screen.
Press Right arrow key to turn right, i.e. rotate clockwise on the screen.
Press Space to fire gun. Scores are given for each asteroid destroyed in the 
game.

There are three lives for the player to begin with. The player loses a life if
the spaceship collides with an asteroid. When the player loses a life, the next 
remaining life is used and there is a three-second invincible period for the 
spaceship. During this period of invincibility, the spaceship could move around
but cannot fire. If the player manages to destroy all asteroids without losing 
all lives, the current level is clear and next level will begin.

Two types of power up items are available in the game. One is life pack and 
theother is missile pack. A life pack gives a player one additional life. A 
missile pack gives a player ten self-guided missiles. When the player's 
spaceshp is equipped with missiles, player can launch the missiles by pressing 
the M key. The missiles automatically search for the ten nearest asteroids and 
fly to them on their own. A missile annihilites an asteroid completely. Only 
one missile pack can be equipped at the same time. Power up items are 
spawned randomly after an asteroid is destroyed, and disappears 5 seconds 
after spawned on screen.

An enemy spaceship will appear in each level at some point in the game. The 
enemy spaceship attempts to follow the player's spaceship and fire at the 
player's spaceship. If the player's spaceship is hit by the enemy spaceship's 
gun shots or collided with the enemy spaceship, the player loses a life. The 
enemy spaceship could fly and fire through the asteroids, and cannot be 
targeted and destroyed by missiles. Score is given to the player if the enemy
spaceship is destroyed. There is no need to destroy the enemy spaceship in 
order to proceed to the next leve.